[Doc] Update FAQ doc about binary segmentation and ReduceZeroLabel (#2206)
open-mmlab/mmsegmentation: docs/en/faq.md

                    'to 0.3')
  self.num_classes = num_classes
  self.out_channels = out_channels
  self.threshold = threshold
  ...
  self.conv_seg = nn.Conv2d(channels, self.out_channels, kernel_size=1)
```

There are two types of calculating binary segmentation methods:

```python
...
if self.out_channels == 1:
    seg_logit = F.sigmoid(seg_logit)
else:
    seg_logit = F.softmax(seg_logit, dim=1)

...

if self.out_channels == 1:
    seg_pred = (seg_logit >
                self.decode_head.threshold).to(seg_logit).squeeze(1)
else:
    seg_pred = seg_logit.argmax(dim=1)
```

- When `out_channels=2`, using Cross Entropy Loss in training, using `F.softmax()` and `argmax()` to get prediction of each pixel in inference.

- When `out_channels=1`, we provide a parameter `threshold(default to 0.3)` in [#2016](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation/pull/2016), using Binary Cross Entropy Loss in training, using `F.sigmoid()` and `threshold` to get prediction of each pixel in inference.

More details about calculating segmentation prediction could be found in [encoder_decoder.py](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation/blob/master/mmseg/models/segmentors/encoder_decoder.py):

> In summary, to implement binary segmentation methods users should modify below parameters in config files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In summary, to implement binary segmentation methods users should modify the below parameters in the `decode_head` and `auxiliary_head` configs:
```
